Add table aws_codecommit_repository. Closes #507 (#515)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_codecommit_repository.md

# Table: aws_codecommit_repository

> AWS CodeCommit is a secure, highly scalable, managed source control service that hosts private Git repositories. It makes it easy for teams to securely collaborate on code with contributions encrypted in transit and at rest. CodeCommit eliminates the need for you to manage your own source control system or worry about scaling its infrastructure. You can use CodeCommit to store anything from code to binaries. It supports the standard functionality of Git, so it works seamlessly with your existing Git-based tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS CodeCommit repository is the fundamental version control object in CodeCommit. It's where you securely store code and files for your project. It also stores your project history, from the first commit through the latest changes. You can share your repository with other users so you can work together on a project.
```
